# Gitlab-Proposal - Isis Boelens (6080073)
# Extracting APA Citations from Web Pages
In this project, I will write a python code that allows me to extract specific information from any webpage. This specific information entails the author, date published, headline, publisher, sources used, and the numerical data that the article contains. The output will be a citation in apa style, a table including all information previously named besides the numerical data, and a specific column that includes the numerical data from the article. This way researching is made easier as citations are made for you and the data you are interested in is given right away so you can judge its usefulness. 
The libraries I am planning to use are: 1. BeautifulSoup (from bs4) or Scrapy, as it helps to extract structured data from webpages and is used for parsing HTML and XML documents, 2. Request(re) because it simplifies making HTTP requests to get the webpage’s HTML content, 3. Pandas to help organise the obtained data in a structured format like a table, 4. Regulate Expressions (re) to extract specific numerical data or patterns from the wepage, 6. Numpy because of its familiarity and ability to organise data, and lastly 5. Citation Generation PyCite to generate citations in APA style. 
The algorithms/methods that will be used in this project are going to be: 1. pattern recognition, and pattern matching which includes the use of regular expressions for extracting specific patterns like numbers, dates, headers, and references. 2. handling missing data (e.g. missing an author or date on a webpage), 3.numerical data extraction so locating numbers and percentages, and 4. apa citation generation. 
There will be no data required for this project. The expected outcome is going to be a page and a file including all the information named (the author, date published, headline, publisher, sources used, and the numerical data that the article contains) from the webpage put into the input of the code. This file will be organised into a table and has a citation in apa format. 
